v1/documentation.md, before:

# GIFTron API
### Disclaimer
This documentation is only intended for internal use, and to provide operational transparency. No attempt is being made to support third-party deployments or implementation of this application, nor is NERDev responsible for accidental changes to production data.

### Introduction
stuff

# User
#### GET /user
The User object represents the currently-logged-in user as it appears in our system.

## Guilds
#### GET /user/guilds
This returns a list of Guilds that relate to both the user, and to our system. Similar in usage to Discord's [Get Current User Guilds](https://discordapp.com/developers/docs/resources/user#get-current-user-guilds "Discord Documentation") endpoint.

## Auth
#### GET /user/auth
This returns a Discord OAuth2 URL with which the user may use to authenticate.


# Guild
#### GET /guild
The Guild object represents the Guild specified by its `id` in the querystring as it appears in our system.
## Configure
#### POST /guild/configure

Updates the Guild configuration according to the parameters given.

| Field        | Description                                         | Required      | Default       |
| ---          | ---                                                 | ---           | ---           |
| guild_id*    | Discord Guild id                                    | true          |               |
| channels     | Giveaway channels                                   | false         | inherited     |
| access_roles | Access roles                                        | false         | inherited     |
| strict       | Restrict access to only access role members         | false         | inherited     |



## Users
#### GET /guild/users

## Schedule
#### GET /guild/schedule

### Query Giveaway
#### GET /guild/schedule/giveaway

### Create Giveaway
#### POST /guild/schedule/giveaway


## Wallet

# Order
## Fill

# Shard

# Settings
Settings for the API are for NERDev staff only. These endpoints are not available to the general public.
## Credentials
#### POST /settings/credentials
## Whitelist
#### GET /settings/whitelist
This will lookup the current IP of each of our core servers and add them to the list of addresses considered part of our infrastructure.

Commit message:

added changed guild enpdoints around, added note

v1/documentation.md, after:

# GIFTron API
### Disclaimer
This documentation is only intended for internal use, and to provide operational transparency. No attempt is being made to support third-party deployments or implementation of this application, nor is NERDev responsible for accidental changes to production data.

### Introduction
stuff

# User
#### GET /user
The User object represents the currently-logged-in user as it appears in our system.

## Guilds
#### GET /user/guilds
This returns a list of Guilds that relate to both the user, and to our system. Similar in usage to Discord's [Get Current User Guilds](https://discordapp.com/developers/docs/resources/user#get-current-user-guilds "Discord Documentation") endpoint.

## Auth
#### GET /user/auth
This returns a Discord OAuth2 URL with which the user may use to authenticate.


# Guild
#### GET /guild
The Guild object represents the Guild specified by its `id` in the querystring as it appears in our system.

| Field        | Description                                         | Required      | Default       |
| ---          | ---                                                 | ---           | ---           |
| guild_id*    | Discord Guild id                                    | true          |               |

#### POST /guild

Updates the Guild configuration according to the parameters given.

| Field        | Description                                         | Required      | Default       |
| ---          | ---                                                 | ---           | ---           |
| guild_id*    | Discord Guild id                                    | true          |               |
| channels     | Giveaway channels                                   | false         | inherited     |
| access_roles | Access roles                                        | false         | inherited     |
| strict       | Restrict access to only access role members         | false         | inherited     |

Note: only the fields specified will be affected. If a field is omitted, it will not be changed from its current state.

## Users
#### GET /guild/users

## Schedule
#### GET /guild/schedule

### Query Giveaway
#### GET /guild/schedule/giveaway

### Create Giveaway
#### POST /guild/schedule/giveaway


## Wallet

# Order
## Fill

# Shard

# Settings
Settings for the API are for NERDev staff only. These endpoints are not available to the general public.
## Credentials
#### POST /settings/credentials
## Whitelist
#### GET /settings/whitelist
This will lookup the current IP of each of our core servers and add them to the list of addresses considered part of our infrastructure.
